Translate "Tilgjengelighet" into "Accessibility" (#577)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/design/guidelines/wcag/_index.en.md

---
title: Accessibility

> description: Good accessibility helps people with disabilities access our services in a meaningfull way. By using Altinn 3 large parts of your service is handled by us, but you still have to remember some things yourself.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Good accessibility helps people with disabilities access our services in a meaningful way. By using Altinn 3 large parts of your service is handled by us, but you still have to remember some things yourself.
```

weight: 7
weight: 30
toc: true
tags: [translate-to-english]
---

The regulation on universal design of ICT solutions require that websites and apps must meet 35 of 61 success criteria in the standard  [Guidelines for accessible web content (WCAG) 2.0. (nb)](https://www.w3.org/Translations/WCAG20-no/). Check out the [minimum requirements](https://www.uutilsynet.no/wcag-standarden/wcag-20-standarden/86) 

## Check list
- **Content structure**  

>   Check that you have a logical structure of lables (H1 - H4), and that you don't have any empty label elements. It is not uncommon to forget a level. "Wave" might be a usefull tool to discover errors in the content structure. Wave is an extention tool for chrome which can be used to evaluate the accessibility of a website. [Download Wave for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wave-evaluation-tool/jbbplnpkjmmeebjpijfedlgcdilocofh)

Reviewer 2: Shouldnt `overskrifter` translate to `headings`?

```suggestion
  Check that you have a logical structure of headings (H1 - H4), and that you don't have any empty heading elements. It is not uncommon to forget a level. "Wave" might be a usefull tool to discover errors in the content structure. Wave is an extension for Chrome which can be used to evaluate the accessibility of a website. [Download Wave for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wave-evaluation-tool/jbbplnpkjmmeebjpijfedlgcdilocofh)
```
